[BrowserKit] Add argument $serverParameters to click() and clickLink() (#48841)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-6.3.md

UPGRADE FROM 6.2 to 6.3
=======================

BrowserKit

> -------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----------
```

> * Methods `AbstractBrowser::click()` and `AbstractBrowser::clickLink()` will have a new $serverParameters argument in version 6.3, not defining it is deprecated

Reviewer: I don't think that it must be defined as a default value of `[]` is just fine.

```suggestion
* Add a $serverParameters argument in `AbstractBrowser::click()` and `AbstractBrowser::clickLink()`
```
